#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   nltk
future==0.18.2
    # via lunr
glob2==0.7
    # via mkdocs-literate-nav
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
joblib==1.0.1
    # via nltk
livereload==2.6.3
    # via mkdocs
lunr[languages]==0.5.8
    # via mkdocs
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-crystal
git+https://github.com/jimporter/mike.git@7cff0cc9bd434ff2db8d7c8c945d2a6befcba85f
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-autorefs==0.1.1
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-gen-files==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.0.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-material==7.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material-extensions
mkdocs-section-index==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs==1.1.2
    # via
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocstrings-crystal==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocstrings==0.15.0
    # via mkdocstrings-crystal
nltk==3.5
    # via lunr
pygments==2.8.0
    # via mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==8.1.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pytkdocs==0.11.0
    # via mkdocstrings
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   mike
    #   mkdocs
regex==2020.11.13
    # via nltk
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   livereload
    #   lunr
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   livereload
    #   mkdocs
tqdm==4.58.0
    # via nltk
verspec==0.1.0
    # via mike
